Biomonitor_Biomonitor: This is a favorite of Solos, gadget freaks, and harried Corporates worried about their blood pressure. Mounted just below the skin of the forearm, the Biomonitor gives a constant readout of pulse, respiration, brain­ waves, blood sugar, temperature, and choles­ terol levels. The display is a pattern of word­ shaped LEDs, each running a color sequence from red (critical) to green (excellent). As con­ ditions change, the colors change. The user merely shoots back his cuff, looks for the little glowing word display he wants, and checks the color. In game terms, this adds +2 to any Resist Torture/Drugs check.
Skinwatch_Skinwatch: The predecessor of the Biomonitor, the Skinwatch is implanted just below the epi­dermis, and uses tiny LEDs to project glowing numerals through the skin. Skinwatches can be mounted anywhere, although the hand, wrist and fingers are the most common. Advanced versions can be reset by pressing the display gently until the right number combinations come up; really advanced versions have alarms that beep quietly. Use your imagination.
Light Tattoos_Light Tattoos: These are light emitting chemi­cal patches inserted under the first couple layers of skin. They store light and emit it in colors or patterns.
Shift-tacts_Shift-tacts: These are colored contact lenses, designed to mimic certain aspects of more expensive cyberoptics. Mirrored contacts in all tints, temperature or emotion sensitive contacts that change color on demand, logo or pat­ terned contacts. These are available in most fashionable bodyware shops. Check it out.
ChemSkins_ChemSkins: These are special dyes and chemi­cals which are impregnated or rubbed into the skin. Some change the skin color to a new shade as desired. Others are temperature sensitive, and shift colors in vibrant patterns when warmed or cooled. Very expensive chemskins are sensi­ tive to hormonal changes; you could buy a chemskin that would make yellow and black tiger stripes appear on your skin when you became angry or excited.
Synthskins_Synthskins: A more sophisticated version of light tatoo technology, a synthskin is a layer of color-shifting plastic bonded to the character's outer skin. A synthskin can be adjusted to dis­ play colors, patterns, light flares or other special effects, using tuning chips (cost 1 OOeb) which are plugged into a socket in the skin (usually under the hairline).
Techhair_Techhair: The shafts of this artificial hair are impregnated with various types of reactive chemicals. Some types are temperature sensi­tive and change color or stand up depending on the weather. Others contain the same pigments used in light tattoos, storing and emitting col­ ored light in patterns. Still others can change color as desired by using special chemical sham­ poos. Tech hair can be implanted in mohawks, hair weaves, full hairpieces, manes, ruffs, whisk­ers and other less obvious (but interesting) places.
Processor_The basic neural processor is a "switch­ box" implanted into the lower spine, and is used to route signals from external cy­berwear to the central nervous system. It is the main system for any type of neural interface, including reflex boosters, inter­ face plugs, weapon, DataTerm and vehicle links, mini-computers and sensory aug­ mentations. The Neural processor has a small inspection space which allows sec­ondary co-processors to be inserted into the basic processor module. This makes upgrading a process of opening the in­ spection space in a sterile environment and inserting the new co-processors.
Kerenzikov Boosterware_Kerenzikov boosterware is always activated; the character is always reacting with a higher than normal reaction speed. Since Kerenzikov often boosts responses to greater than 1 0, it has a high humanity cost, as the user must learn to readjust his or her actions to a world that appears to be moving in slow motion. Because of this, Kerenzikov boost can be installed at two levels of augmentation(+1 or+2 to Initiative, HL is 1D6 or 2D6).
Speedware (Sandevistan)_Speedware (also known as Sandevistan) kicks in only when desired, eliminating much of the need to adapt one's entire life to an inhumanly fast reaction time. The character must first subvocalize a mental command word before boost is activated, then wait one turn before the boost kicks in. He will remain boosted for five full turns (+3 to Initiative rolls) before the boost cuts out. He must then subvocalize the command again, and wait 2 turns before regaining a boosted state.
Tactile Boost_Tactile boost: This increases any Awareness roll involving touch by +2. The boost can be turned on or off at will, taking one turn to do so.
Pain Editor_Pain Editor:This coprocessor overides the pain receptors of the brain, making the subject im­ pervious to torture, deprivation or physical hardship. It doesn't mean he isn't getting hurt, just that he won't notice it until he collapses (make Endurance Skill checks, but at two levels of difficulty lower than normal)
Olfactory Boost_Olfactory Boost: This increases any Awareness roll involving smell by +2. In addition, the subject adds +2 to his Shadow/Track skills (he can track by smell), and has a 50% chance of locating a scent to begin tracking with unless the target has taken particular pains to disguise its scent). The boost can be turned on or off at will, taking one turn to do so.
Cybermodem Link_Cybermodem link: This is the basic processor that translates Net information into im­ages. It replaces the more limited interface programs of the early 'teens, and allows the Netrunner to perceive a wider variety of environments than its predecessors.
Vehicle Link_Vehicle Link: This allows the user to control a vehicle through direct mental control. Cy­bervehicles include cars, AV-4s, aircraft, ro­ torcraft or motorcycles which have had their normal control systems replaced by a com­ puter. The character plugs directly into the computer using interface plugs and cables, sending commands thru his own nervous system. Power servos then steer wheels, depress accelerators, and control braking. Cybervehicles are inhumanly responsive­ like driving an extension of yourself. As a result, a cyberassisted vehicle will automati­ cally give you a +2 on any driving, piloting or motorcycle driving skill you are using at the time. To modify a normal vehicle to cyber­ vehicle stats costs an additional 40% of the base vehicle cost.
Smartgun Link_Smartgun Link: Smartguns are modified ver­sions of normal firearms, linked to an internal microcomputer, which in turn is jacked to a human operator. A smartgun uses a small sonic or laser projector to lock onto the target, scanning it thousands of times per second. As the gun traverses the desired target, the computer link picks up your mental fire signal (or incoming data from the target­ ing reticule of your cyberoptic) and triggers the gun. Smartguns are far more accurate than most other guns; using them automati­ cally gives you a +2 to any firearms attack you are making. The cost of adapting a normal gun to smartgun configuration is twice the normal cost of the gun.
Machine/Tech Link_Machine/Tech Link: This allows the user to interface with (and control) any autofactory or heavy machine operating from a MLINK­ based control system. You can also control small machines/appliances in non-factory situations.
DataTerm Link_DataTerm Link: This co-processor allows the user to directly access and store information from a DataTerm, transferring it to a Times Square Marquee, or a LCD screen for display (in game terms, this allows the character to access information as if a DataTerm were available, even if it isn't)
Interface Plugs_Interface Plugs: These are the staple of Cy­ berpunk culture. Usually installed in the bones of the wrist, spine or skull, they tap into major nerve trunks and interface with the neural processor to send and receive signals. The plug itself can be used to insert information and reflex "skill chips", or as a plug in for a set of interface cables (allowing you to directly control any device you have the proper "link" with). In game terms, interface plugs allow the player to directly link to many types of machines. such as cybermodems or cybervehicles. Interface plugs are quite common; many com­ panies will even pay for their installation. Quite a few factory and construction workers now "stud" directly into their machines. Interface plugs are critical to people like Netrunners (who must have them to gain the speed and ability to run the Net), and Solos (who use them to operate smartguns).
Nasal Filters_Nasal Filters: These filters increase Saves against poison, sleepdrugs or other breathable toxins by +4.
Gill Implant_Gill Implant: This implant allows the user to breath relatively clean water (saves vs. poison must be made if the water source is polluted or contains toxic chemicals) for up to 4 hours.
Independent Air Supply_Independent Air Supply: A small artificial organ, filled with a spongy, oxygen fixing foam. Implanted in the lower lungs, it allows an inactive character to hold his breath for up to 25 minutes, or an active character up to 10 minutes.
Mr.Studd Sexual Implant_Mr.Studd Sexual Implant: All night, every night, and she'll never know. Use your imagina­tion and add +1 to your Seduction checks. Available also in the Midnight Lady version for the distaff side.
Contraceptive Implant_Contraceptive Implant: Implanted under the left armpit, it prevents pregnancy for up to five years. Available for both sexes.
Subdermal Pocket_Subdermal Pocket: 2"x 4" plastic pocket hid­den under the skin, with a pressure sensitive seal. Useful for couriers. Detection requires a DIFFICULT Awareness check.
Adrenal Booster_Adrenal Booster: An artificial gland which re­leases adrenal hormones on command. Adds+1 to REF for up to 1 D6+2 turns, three times per day.
Subdermal Armor_Subdermal Armor:This is a mesh/ballistic plas­tic armor inserted under the skin. To detect subdermal armor requires a DIFFICULT Awareness roll. Subdermal armor covers the torso only.
Motion Detector_Motion Detector: Detects motion (direction and strength) in a 20 sq.m area with a 70% effectiveness. Can be mounted in the palm or heel.
Digital Recorder_Digital Recorder: This unit can record input from internal microphones, from a digital re­cording link, a digital camera, or all three. The unit is stored in its own subdermal pouch, and can record up to 2 hours of information on each chip.
Audio/Video Tape Recorder_Audio/Video Tape Recorder: This unit uses microcassettes to store input from its internal microphone, video cam or digital recording link. It is stored in its own subdermal pouch for easy access. Each cassette holds 2 hours of information.
Radar Sensor_Radar Sensor:1OOm range radar unit implanted in shoulder, with emitter in skull. Implant causes visible bulge in forehead.
Sonar Implant_Sonar Implant: 50m range sonar unit implanted in skull.
Radiation Detector_Radiation Detector: 1Om range, 80% detec­tion effectiveness. Can be implanted in any body area, with a beep alarm mounted on the mastoid bone.
Chemical Analyser_Chemical Analyser: This modification to the nasal passages analyses smells and breaks them down to their chemical components. The results can be output to an LCD screen, Biomoni­tor or Times Square marquee.
Voice Synthesizer_Voice Synthesizer: This system allows the user to mimic any voice or tone previously recorded by it's memory chip. Thechipcan store up to 10 "voices". This system also gives the user a +4 to any Disguise attempt (now you really sound like the person you're imitating).
AudioVox_AudioVox:This system allows the user to control vocal tones, volume and tone quality with the precision of a musical synthesizer. Special effects (reverb, tremolo, sustain and choral voices), loudspeaker volumes and vocal delay programming (for singing with yourself) are also possible. This effect adds +2 to any vocal Performance Skill check.
Grafted Muscle_Grafted Muscle: This is vat-grown muscle grafted onto your own, with healing. With this modification, you may increase your Body Type stat up to 2 points, paying 1000 eb per point. It can be combined with Muscle/Bone Lace.
Muscle & Bone Lace_Muscle & Bone Lace: Also known as viral transformation, this enhancement involves two types of nanoids. The first type threads syn­ thetic muscle through the natural muscle fi­ bers, anchoring and strengthening them. The second type wraps the bones in a light weave of metal and plastic threads, making them stronger and thicker. The result is an increase of +2 to the character's Body Type stat. This increase is both in strength and the ability to absorb physical damage. This enhancement is virtually inde­ tectable and takes about two weeks (Body Type increases by 1 each week).
Skin Weave_Skin Weave:This enhancement uses nanoids to weave the top three layers of skin with a dense polymer thread. The result is a a bare skin SP of 12, equivalent to light body armor. The process is relatively discreet (a DIFFICULT Awareness check to notice), and takes about two weeks (SP increases by 6 each week).
Enhanced Antibodies_Enhanced Antibodies:These are tailored anti­bodies capable of attacking the most powerful viruses. In game play, they double the rate of healing.
Toxin Binders_Toxin Binders: These are nanoids designed to bond with body toxins and poisons. This en­hancement adds +4 to all poison saves.
Nanosurgeons_Nanosurgeons: These are microscopic ma­chines adapted to surgical repair. Some seal off damaged blood vessels, while others repair damaged tissue, cartilage and bone with poly­ mer microstiches. This enhancement doubles normal healing time.
Scratchers_Scratchers: Implanted metal or carbo-glas fin­gernails. The incredible sharpness of the material makes these as deadly as razor blades (1 D6/2 per hand damage). Scratchers cut on the bias, requiring the user to slice crossways, not rip downwards. Most people lacquer their scratch­ ers, making them indistinguishable from nor­ mal nails (the enamel has no effect on the sharpness). These are not considered lethal (and therefore black market) cyberwear, and can be purchased in any local clinic.
Implanted Fangs(Vampires)_Vampires: Implanted fangs, usually made up of carbo-glas or superchromed metal. You can have a full set implanted (called the Sharkgrin Special, it causes 1 D6/2 in bite damage), or canines only (1 D6/3 damage). These are con­sidered to be "decorative," not black market cyberwear, and can be purchased in any local clinic. Vampires can be augmented with poison injectors (which are blackcyberware)for double the normal price.
Rippers_Rippers: Longer, heavier versions of scratchers (1 D6+3 per hand damage). The top two joints of each finger are replaced with a plastic and metal sheath, in which three inch carbo-glas claws are housed. The rippers can be extended by clawing the hand in a catlike fashion. Most people wear false fingernails over their rippers, making them much harder to spot (a DIFF task). Rippers are considered a form of black market cybertech and as such is not accessible through the average on-the-Mall clinic. Rippers cut in all directions, and are considered Edged weapons for AP purposes.
Wolvers_Wolvers: The longest and deadliest of the implant blades, wolvers are implanted along the back of the hand. When the hand is clenched in a fist, the thin, triangular blades telescope and lock into place, remaining extended a full foot until the hand is relaxed. Damage is 3D6/ hand. Treat as Edged weapons for AP purposes
Big Knucks_Big Knucks: Reinforced knucklebones, giving the fist the impact value of a pair of brass knuckles (1 D6 +2). This is considered a form of black market cybertech, and as such is not accessible through the average on-the-Mall clinic.
Slice N' Dice_Slice N' Dice: Mono-filament wire spool mounted in end of one finger, with a weighted, false fingernail to give it balance and swing. Monomolecular wire will cut through almost any organic material and most plastics. Can be used as a garrotte, cutter or slicewhip. This is considered a form of black market cybertech, and as such is not accessible through the aver­ age on-the-Mall clinic.
Cybersnake_Cybersnake: This is a simpler version of the cybersnakefound in the Hardwired supplement. This version has far less features and is limited to making a rake attack only. The rake has a range of 1 meter and inflicts 1 D6 in damage each time it hits. The cybersnake may be mounted in any body orifice 1" or larger, or may be implanted in the shoulders using a special mount.
Color Shift_Color Shift: These cyberoptics can shift color or iris pattern on demand. A full color shift takes about a minute. Mirrored, transparent, glitter­ filled or lighted versions are also available.
Infrared_Infrared: Allows user to see in near total dark­ness, using heat emissions for image reception.
Times Square Marquee_Times Square™ Marquee: Scrolling red-letter screen in upper edge of vision, linked to either a software chip readout or a radio link.
Targeting Scope_Targeting Scope: This projects a targeting sight into the field of vision at will. The targeting scope will read range to specific objects, speed of movement, bearing and size, as well as providing several types of scope reticle for aligning weapons. When chipped into a smartgun, the scope will match the targeting sensors of the gun with what you are looking at, then flash a "ready signal" when the target is acquired. In game terms, this option allows you to add +1 only to smartgun attacks.
Anti Dazzle_Anti-dazzle protection: Auto stepdown compensates for harsh sunlight, flares, etc., neutralizing effects from strobes, flashbombs and bright headlights. Never need sunglasses again.
Low Lite_Low Lite: Allows user to see clearly in dim light conditions, down to very faint moonlight or distant streetlamps.
Image Enhancement_Image Enhancement: High-res graphics capa­bility allows user to enhance and refine images viewed. When activated, increases Awareness skill by +2, allowing user to pick up visual cues in greater detail.
Thermograph Sensor_Thermograph Sensor: Allows user to see heat patterns of objects, people. Cooler things show up as dark to light blue, hotter things as red or orange, and the hottest of all as yellow or white. Used to distinguish differing heat sources through light structural material, or the presence of cybernetics (which are always cooler than normal body temperatures). Can also determine the operating time of certain machinery by measuring its cooling gradient.
Dartgun_Dartgun: One shot dartgun. Range of 1 meter, +2 WA. Poison dart will penetrate up to SP6 automatically, SP8 50% chance, soft armors only. Takes 3 spaces.
Micro-optics_Micro-Optics: This is the equivalent of a labo­ratory microscope, allowing the user to see microscopic images, such as fingerprints, scratches on locks, etc.
Teleoptics_Teleoptics: This is the equivalent of a 20x power telescope, allowing the user to see dis­ tant objects clearly.
Ultraviolet_Ultra Violet: This system allows the user to perceive images irradiated by ultraviolet light, or to detect florescent powders or tracing agents, or to use ultraviolet flashlights (indetectable by normal optics) for illumination.
MicroVideo Optic_MicroVideo: This is a cyberoptic mounted video camera which records its view on an internal video tape (20min). This recorder can also be downloaded through interface plugs to an external source. Takes up two option spaces.
Digital Camera_Digital Camera: This cyberoptic mounted camera takes up two option spaces. Up to 20 images can be recorded on the built-in digital chip and downloaded through interface cables to an external recorder, internal recorder, or an internal LCD screen. As new pictures are taken, the previous ones are erased.
Basic hearing module (6 option spaces)_Cyberaudio systems patch into the audi­tory nerves and speech centers of the brain. This enhancement affects both ears, and also includes a subvocalizing mike on the mastoid bone. There is no visible change to the outer ear, although some cyberpunks replace the outer ear with a set of mechani­cal speaker pickups for max effect.
Radio Link_Radio link: A microminiature radio transceiver, usually mounted at the base of the skull and using your fillings as the antennae. It is activated by clicking the teeth together sharply. To talk, you merely subvocalize (mutter under your breath). Reception is carried out in one of two ways: 1) a re­ ceiver directly vibrates the mastoid bone, giving you a small tinny voice in the back of your head, or 2) linked to a cyberoptics Marquee option, incoming messages are flashed into the upper edge of your field of vision as red scrolling letters. In game terms, having a radio implant gives you the ability to talk to any receiver on the same band frequency for up to 1 mile. It also means you occasionally get someone else's radio messages.
Phone Splice_Phone Splice: An improved radio splice, this implant is wired to communicate directly to your personal cellular phone. In practice, it allows you to do everything the radio splice does, but you must have your phone within 3 meters of you, and it must already be turned on and the number dialed. Audio splice is commonly used by busy Corporates who want to be able to answer calls, even in a meeting. One of the biggest advantages of audio splice is it's range-anywhere your phone will go, you can go. Even the Moon. 
Scrambler_ECM Scrambler: This implant improves your radio or audio splice with a scrambler, so it cannot be listened into. In game terms, this makes all radio or audiosplice communications private, unless the interceptor has a descrambler unit and a lot of time on his hands.
Bug Detector_Bug Detector: This mini-receiver is designed to pick up signals transmitted by all types of radio bugs. When the bug is active, its transmissions make a small beeping noise in the back of your head, getting louder as you get closer to the bug. In game terms, this gives you a 6 out of 10 chance (roll 1D10, choose your six numbers) of detect­ing any bugs within 10 feet of you. A normal option for Corporates, Fixers and Solos.
Wearman_WearMan™: A variant of the radio splice, the WearMan mounts twin vibration speakers on your mastoid bones, making your skull into a audio system of concert hall quality. A tiny chip mount wired into the earlobe allows you to plug in a variety of music chips, all fashioned to look like earrings. Or you can plug in direct to your interface plugs. Each chip contains about 100 songs. Selections are fast­ forwarded by squeezing the earring gently, once per selection. When the chip is removed, the WearMan turns off. A teenybop fave. 
Amplified Hearing_Amplified Hearing: This system improves hear­ing and sound recognition ability, adding +1 to any sound-related Awareness check.
Voice Stress Analyzer_Voice Stress Analyser: This system acts as a lie detector, detecting minute changes in vocal patterns and tones and comparing these to a pre-recorded set of parameters. You must first use the analyser on the subject while he/she is in an unstressed situation or is telling the truth. All subsequent tests will give you a +2 to Human Perception or Interrogation skill checks on that particular subject. 
Sound Editing_Sound Editing: This system allows the user to edit out distracting noises or "zero in" on a particular sound. Activation of this system adds +2 to any sound-related Awareness check. Sound editing can be used in conjunction with Amplified Hearing or Enhanced Hearing.
Enhanced Hearing Range_Enhanced Hearing Range: This subsystem al­lows the user to hear tones in the subsonic and supersonic ranges
Radar Detector_Radar Detector: This system produces a loud beep whenever a radar beam is encountered. It also has a 40% chance of triangulating the source; when the direction of the beam is determined, the beep changes to a clear tone.
Homing Tracer_Homing Tracer: This option allows the charac­ter to follow a homing tone broadcast from an external sender. Range is 1 km. The tone in­ creases in volume as the user gets closer to his target. The homing tracer comes with two senders, about the size and shape of a pin. Extra senders cost 25eb. each.
Tight Beam Radio Link_Tight Beam Radio Link:This option allows tight beam radio communication for up to 1 mile, as long as both parties are within line of sight to each other and not blocked by any object thicker than 1 foot.
Wide Band Radio Scanner_Wide Band Radio Scanner: This option auto­matically scans all major police, fire, ambulance, and Trauma Team communication bands. The user can set this scanner to cover one specific band, downloading any incoming messages to his own internal radio link or Times Square marquee.
Micro-recorder Link_Micro-recorder Link: Downloads anything heard by the user to either an internal or external (via interface plugs) sound recorder.
Digital Recording Link_Digital Recording Link: This option allows anything heard by the user to be recorded on an internal microchip (2hrs). Recordings can be downloaded to an internal recorder or via inter­ face plugs to an external recorder.
Level Damper_Level Damper: This system automatically compensates for loud noises, such as stun-bomb attacks or sonic weapons. Characters with this option can ignore all effects of these weapons.