Authority_[ 1 per level] The ability to intimidate or control others through your position as a lawman. This attribute represents the´character’s ability to call on the forces of Law and Order to get what he wants. Cops can use Authority to question suspects, arrest wrongdoers, and defend innocents. Backed by the power of Authority, a character can arrest, detain, confiscate and enter nearly anywhere, as long as he has the proper arrest or search warrants to back his play. However, Authority is only as good as the guy holding the badge—if the character appears uncertain of his Authority, there’s a good chance he’ll get nailed by the people he’s trying to confront. The higher your Authority, the more able you are to face down people, particularly high level corporates and government officials. Authority is applied to your Pre stat.
Contact_[1 per level] You know someone who can (and generally will) help you through money, power or sheer skill, and this help is usually “off the record.” A mercenary who’ll occasionally back you up in a fight costs 3, a local Yakuza Boss costs 6, the head of NC SWAT costs 9. Remember that the level of the contact is based on several factors: a student’s not much, but a student who’s willing to die for you…
Credibility_[1 per level] This is the ability to be believed: by your viewers, by the police, by important and powerful people. This is critical to getting your side of the story heard and acted upon, as well as convincing people to tell you things, give you information, or get you into where the story is really happening. The higher your Credibility, the more people you can convince, and the easier it is to convince high level authorities of the truth of your information. With a level +3 Credibility, you can convince most people of minor scandals. With a level +5 or +6, you can convince local officials of military atrocities, undercover dealings and other front page stuff. At level +9, you can successfully expose a scandal of Watergate proportions, or convince the President of the EuroMarket Finance Board that aliens are secretly influencing world leaders. Credibility applies to your INT stat.
Family_[1 per level] This is the ability to call upon the resources and help of any of the members of a large, extended family (like an Altcult). This can be in the form of weapons, cash, information, or a small army of relatives. The threat of a family’s vengeance may in itself stop harm to the character. The higher your Family Perk, the more important you are to the family and the more help you can call upon. With a Family of +2, you might be able to get several members of the Family to help you wreck a town, for example. With a status of +7 or +8, you are able to influence major group decisions and lead troops. At +10, you may be the head of your Family.
Favor_[0.5 per level] A one shot Contact; you can make use of this contact only once, but they MUST do what you ask (as long as its appropriate). Note that it’s often useful to have favors from a lot of people in different areas rather than one contact who does everything.
Membership_[1 per level] You can call upon the resources of an organization, person, government, Altcult or group—but you also have responsibilities. The level of Membership represents your character’s status in the organization, not the influence of the group (that’s what the multipliers above are for). For example: A Membership of 1 at in the FBI would make you a janitor, but at 10 you’re the Director’s right-hand man. A version of this is Authority, in which the character is an agent of the law and has the power to arrest, detain and use deadly force.
License_[1 per level] The character has a legally sanctioned right to do things that would normally be considered illegal (license to kill, to collect taxes, hunt criminals, etc). Licenses are individual cases, granting you authority rather than “loaning” you use of the authority of a group (as above)—you get no resources, but you also don’t have so many responsibilities. By example: a license to sell arms might cost 2; a Private Investigator’s license 4; a Bounty Hunter’s license might cost 6; a CIA or Secret Service Agent’s license 8, a Federal Marshal’s license costs about 9, and having an unconditional license to kill might cost 10.
Renown_[1 per level] Your reputation, usually in a favorable light. People go out of their way to curry favor with you, or to at least avoid getting on your bad side. At 3, most local people know you; at 6 you’re nationally known; at 9 you’re an international figure.
Streetdeal_[1 per level] This is the ability to deal with the underground information network. With Streetdeal, a character can uncover rumors and information, locate missing persons or things, put gossip out on the Street, pick up clues and score big deals. The higher your Streetdeal, the more information you can gather about things happening around you, the more informants you have, and the more secretive the information you can dig up. A level +3 Streetdeal can get you contacts for weapons, tools, or minor illegal operations. At level +5, you can penetrate the secrets of all but the most powerful crime families. At level +9, you are the equivalent of a Mafia crimelord yourself, privy to every secret that’s on the Street. Apply Streetdeal to your Pre stat.
Wealth_[5 per level] In Cyberpunk, characters are assumed to be lower class (heck, you’re dirt poor), but wealth boosts your lifestyle. Spending 1 CP places you comfortably in the middle class, capable of buying common things and living in a decent place. Level 2 is upper middle class; you can buy most everyday things and live in a very nice place. At levels 3-4, you are well to do and have more than enough money to support yourself; you need work only occasionally can afford costly hobbies, and have an expensive home. At 6 you’re rich; you don’t have to work at all, can afford large purchases like cars or vacations, and live in a very expensive home. At 8, you’re a millionaire, can live anywhere and buy almost anything you want. The Ref might even let you exceed Wealth 10, making you a billionaire!
