Absend Minded;You have strange lapses of memory. You often: Forget generally known facts (5). Forget friends, family (10). Forget your own identity (15).
Bipolar;You are a classic manic/depressive, prone to fits of erratic, up moods punctuated with severe terrifying depressions. You are often: Moody (5). Liable to lie around and mope (10). Liable to run around frenetically risking life and limb or sink into a miserable stupor (15). Suicidal (20).
Delusions;You believe things that are not real. You may hear voices, think aliens are after you, or that you are God. You will: Risk ostracism, embarrassment (5). Risk hospitalization, bodily harm or financial/social ruin (10). Risk life & limb (15) .
Masochist;You hate yourself, and will go out of your way to injure yourself. To do this, you may: Seek verbal abuse (5). Seek minor physical abuse (10), Seek major physical abuse (15). Seek life threatening abuse (20).
Paranoia;(just because you think they’re after you...). You think you have enemies, everywhere. Sometimes you are focussed on one foe, other times, there may be legions. You react to your paranoia by: Incoherently ranting (5). Compulsively working on defenses against Them (10). Risking incarceration, bodily harm, social or financial ruin to stop Them (15). Risking life & limb (20).
Phobia;You have a phobia: and unreasoning fear of some common thing, such as dogs, heights, sounds or color. When faced with your phobia, you feel: Discomfort (5). Paralyzing Fear (10). Berserk Terror (15). Catatonic (20).
Split Personality;You’re two, two, TWO people in one! [GM controls this personality, has character sheet for it, etc.]. Your other self: Likes you (5). Is neutral to you (10). Hostile to you (15). Dangerous to you in actions (20).
Airhead;Oh Wow! You’re just naturally spacy. In general, you: Misplace minor, trivial things (5). Misplace or forget to do important things (10). Misplace or forget to deal with dangerous things (15). Dangerously oblivious to everything: the GM never asks you to make a perception roll unless you request it (20).
Bad Tempered;You’re just irritable, all the time. When your temper flares: You’ll risk embarrassment, or financial loss (5). You’ll risk incarceration, bodily harm or financial/social ruin (10). You’ll risk life & limb (15).
Coward;You lack nerve, especially in combat. When faced with danger: You tremble at anything you imagine as danger (5). You freeze up and can’t react (10). You try to run as far away as possible (15).
Obsessed;You just can’t get that special (to you) person or thing out of your mind. You: Talk about it all the time and will risk embarrassment, or financial loss over it (5). You’ll risk incarceration, bodily harm or financial/social ruin over it (10). You’ll risk life & limb over it (15).
Shy;You hate dealing with others. You: Refuse to speak to new people (5). Avoid all interactions with new people (10). Will physically remove self from situations involving new people (15).
Stubborn;You just hate to give in—to anyone. To prove you’re right: You’ll risk embarrassment, or financial loss (5). You’ll risk incarceration, bodily harm or financial/social ruin (10). You’ll risk life & limb (15).
Berserker;You can’t control your fighting rage— you rabidly: Attack whatever set you off (5). Attack anyone within range except friends (10). Attack anyone in range (15). Attack anyone in range and won’t stop until subdued forcibly or exhausted/stunned (20).
Unlucky;Things never go your way: you have constant disasters. Travel and adventure only hold for you: Inconvenient misfortunes (5). Costly or dangerous misfortunes (10). Very costly or dangerous misfortunes (15). Deadly, life threatening dangers (20).
Missing limb;Ouch! That hurt! You’re missing: 1 or more fingers (5). A hand (10 each). An arm (15 each).
Reduced Hearing;You are hard of hearing. Generally, to make a hearing based Perception check, you will need: To beat a Target Number 4 points higher than everyone else's (5). A Hearing aid just to hear at all (10). New ears: you’re totally deaf (15).
Reduced Mobility;You are unable to get around normally. Your Movement: Is reduced by quarter (5). Is reduced by half (10). Is reduced to dragging by arms at a MOVE of 1 (15). Nonexistent: you’re a total quadriplegic: unable to move below the neck (20).
Reduced Sight;Your eyesight is impaired in some way. You are: Color blind (5). Need glasses (10). Are nearly blind or one-eyed (15). Are totally blind (20).
Uncontrollable Change;You are prone to uncontrollable changes: these may be physical or mental (depending on what you negotiate with the GM). What sets off the change is: Uncommon (5). Common (10). Very Common (15).
Vocal Impairment;Your voice is somehow damaged. When you speak, you can: Only whisper, stammer or stutter (5). Only make sounds, but cannot speak (10). Cannot make a sound (15).
Vulnerability;You’re susceptible to a certain situation or substance and take extra damage when exposed to it (such as you drown faster than other people.) The substance or situation is: Uncommon (5). Common (10). Very Common (15).
Susceptibility;You are harmed or take damage from a certain situation or substance that is harmless to other people (like water. dus, or that glowing green alien rock over there) The substance or situation is: Uncommon (5). Common (10). Very Common (15)
Public Figure;You are a figure in the media limelight: you can’t make a move without getting attention: You are newsworthy and your activities rate an article if a reporter is nearby (5). You frequently make headlines and people always notice your actions on the street (10). Your every action makes news and you have reporters following you everywhere (15).
Bad Rep;People “know” about you. At least, everyone’s heard a story or two, even if untrue. When you are mentioned or seen, you are: Frequently recognized (5). Always recognized (10).
Secret Identity;You are trying to hide your activities under a secret identity or other smoke screen. You currently are: Living a normal life, unnoticed by anyone (5). Are bothered by a single person trying to uncover your real identity (10). Everyone’s trying to uncover your real identity (15).
Poverty;Money is hard to come by for you, harder than for most. You are, financially-wise: Poor, with just enough for a bed and a few meager meals (5). Dead Broke and probably on the street with barely enough to eat (10). In debt, with others actively seeking to collect what little you have (15).
Personal Habits;People just can’t stand you. Maybe it’s the bad breath or the nose picking, but they find you: Annoying (5). Disgusting (10). Horrible (15).
Oppressed;You are part of an oppressed or otherwise downtrodden group. In your society, you are: Snubbed: others ignore or refuse to deal with you (5). Oppressed: there are laws controlling where you live, work or can travel (10). Outcast: you’re a total non-person (15). Enslaved: you’re treated as property and can be sold or mistreated at will (20).
Distinctive;You stand out and are noticed in any crowd, with features that are: Easily concealed (5). Concealable with Disguise or Performance skills (10). Not concealable (15).
Outsider;You’re not a local, and stand out like a sore thumb, attracting attention both unwelcome and possibly dangerous. You are obviously: From distant place (5). From very distant place (10). Never before seen in these parts (15).
Code of Honor;These are the personal rules you will not break, no matter what. A Code of Honor might be a code against killing, never attacking from behind, or never suffering an insult without an answer in blood. To keep your Code, you will: Risk expulsion or embarrassment (5). Risk bodily harm or financial ruin (10). Risk life & limb (15).
Sense of Duty;You always do the Right Thing, and follow a higher Moral Code towards those you feel responsible for. You will do this: For your friends (5). For a special group/organization (10). For all Humanity (15). For all Life Itself (20).
Vow;This is a promise you must keep, no matter what. It could be to protect someone, follow an ideal, or just get that stupid Ring into that distant volcano. To fulfill this promise, you’ll: Risk Expulsion or embarrassment (5). Risk bodily harm or financial ruin (10). Risk life & limb (15).
Dependents;These are those who need your protection and help. They could include children, family, or friends. Generally, they are: Equal to you in abilities (5). Challenged, or otherwise weaker than you (10). Have special problems, requirements or dangers associated with them (15).
Addiction;(aka Dependence). You must have a particular substance or situation or you will suffer severe mental or physical duress. The substance/situation you need is: Common (5). Uncommon (10). Rare (15). Very Rare (20).
Honesty;You always tell the truth, even if it hurts. To be honest, you’ll even: Risk expulsion, embarrassment, or financial loss (5). Risk bodily harm or financial/social ruin (10). Risk life & limb (15).
Impulsiveness;You just can’t help yourself: you always jump into things without thinking. To follow a whim, you’ll: Risk expulsion or embarrassment (5). Risk bodily harm, social or financial ruin (10). Risk life & limb (15).
Intolerance;You’re bigoted and intolerant of those who are different from you. When you encounter them, you are: Civil but distant (5). Rude and verbally abusive (10). Violently abusive (15). Abusive even at risk of life and limb (20).
Jealousy;You are jealous in the extreme. Towards the one you “love”, you are: Obsessed and watchful (5). Confrontative and accusatory (10). Physically violent ((15).
Kleptomania;You steal things continuously. You can’t help it: you’ll even: Risk arrest or embarrassment (5). Risk bodily harm or financial/social ruin (10). Risk life & limb (15)
Lecherous;You can’t resist grabbing or pawing someone you find attractive, or at least making lewd comments. You’ll even: Risk expulsion, embarrassment, or financial loss (5). Risk bodily harm or financial or social ruin (10). Risk life & limb (15).