Bivvybag (For Nights On The Street/Road)_Small  (book-sized)  packages  contain- ing a super  compressed,  waterproof, self-cleaning mummy bag with auto inflating nanofoam mattress, rain tarp and pockets for food, supplies and gear. Don’t like camping? There’s plen- ty of living space in your basic card- board box. $25
Lightstix_Bioluminescent light tubes. Bright as a 75 watt bulb, lightstix can be turned down or off using an enzyme release dial in the base. Available in red, blue, white, green, amber and violet. $2 for 2
Dumpbag_Portable  toilet  bags with  their  own handi-wipe supply. You open the bag, the rim snaps open, you squat and do your thing, then snap the bag shut. The internal microbe pack at the bottom of the bag digests your “offering” and leaves nothing but ammonia and slight- ly sludgy water (you could drink it in a pinch). WHY do you want a dumpbag? Because there are bad people out there who can use the genetic material in your waste to make viruses tailored to your DNA and other nasty stuff.  $1
Kibblepacks (3 Total, Choose Type)_self-heating food packages that can be stored for up to ten years. Add water, push the tab and 5 minutes later you have a hot meal. Ummm. Steaming soy mush  and algae paste. Yummy.  The upscale version of these are called prepacks.  $1-2 per pack
Datachips (3 Total; You Decide What’s In ‘Em)_These are slivers of doped gallium and silicon, containing recorded informa- tion.  Usually  color-coded,  recording on  a chip  leaves a tiny  holographic nametag inscribed in the sliver so you can tell them apart. You insert them into  a chipware port  to use them. There are almost no music players in 203X—if you want tunes or video, you download all your stuff from your Agent onto a datachip (5000 songs per) and jam it into a chipware port- when you want to groove. $1ea
Deckchip (For Netrunning; Edgerunners Only)_This is a cyberdeck on a chip (above), allowing a netrunner to transmit thoughts onto a computer network via cables or wireless. Used to hackpro- grams in cyberspace (pg.98). $300
Smartboard (For Netrunning)_This is a microcomputer on a flexible plastic  sheet.  Used for  netrunning  if you can’t use a deckchip. $200
Link Cables Or Wireless Link (For Netrunning)_Link cables or wireless links:    Although these are most useful for netrunner's, they’re also used by almost anyone who needs to exchange information.  You can use them to transfer data between two brains just as easily  as copying a tape. You’ll want both; no good using a wire- less if there’s no wi-fi network; no good using cables if there’s no place to jack in. $50 cables, $150 link
Agent (Basic)_Not the guy who got you your last gig. An Agent is the 203X equivalent of a cell phone, but much, much more. Agents handle voice and answering services, text, fax and e-mail, record and project digital video through  a holo port;  can seek, load /store your favorite entertain- ment programming,  surf on-line infor- mation outlets, alert you to news, record conversations, link to snoopers, track bugs, etc.  Automatically hooked to the DataPool, they can transfer information via wireless and IR links, datacables and voice recognition. Really expensive ones even have smart keyboards. $3-600
Full Range Commo_Satellite linked voice commo for wilderness areas where your Agent doesn’t go. Hand held, about the size of a cigarette pack. $250
Microtool_This contains reshaping modules that allow it to saw, scribe, cut, bend, file, screw, bolt, hammer and weld all in a gadget the size of a pocketknife. $200
Medtool_This can dermal staple, spray derma-skin and local anesthetics, extrude forceps and scalpels, inject packages of up to 10 drugs, and can be mated to a diag- nostic package that can holographical- ly walk you through  a minor  opera- tion. About the size of a large power screwdriver. $1200
Fighting Knife_It’s a knife. A BIG knife You cut things with it.
Armored Trenchcoat (Sp10)_Cyberpunk garb runs towards street- clothes as armor fashion, with synth- leather trenchcoats, sintergel padding, kevlar weave materials and lots of chipped-in smart cammo options (although blacks and greys are the basic Cyberpunk "uniform").   Even  a miniskirt, tank top and tights can stop a bullet these days. $50-600
Fibremesh Fashionware (Sp8— You Pick The Type)_Cyberpunk garb runs towards street- clothes as armor fashion, with synth- leather trenchcoats, sintergel padding, kevlar weave materials and lots of chipped-in smart cammo options (although blacks and greys are the basic Cyberpunk "uniform").   Even  a miniskirt, tank top and tights can stop a bullet these days. $50-600
Hand Taser_There are a lot  of weapons in 203X. Besides the specialized ones used by the various Altcults, there are golden oldies like handguns and knives. If you’re well strapped, you may possibly pack an assault rifle or SMG, and a couple backups as well. And always carry extra ammo, since there’s no guarantee that the body you loot may be carrying something in your caliber. $100-3000
Light Assault Rifle (Choose Type)_There are a lot  of weapons in 203X. Besides the specialized ones used by the various Altcults, there are golden oldies like handguns and knives. If you’re well strapped, you may possibly pack an assault rifle or SMG, and a couple backups as well. And always carry extra ammo, since there’s no guarantee that the body you loot may be carrying something in your caliber. $100-3000
Light Handgun (Choose Type)_There are a lot  of weapons in 203X. Besides the specialized ones used by the various Altcults, there are golden oldies like handguns and knives. If you’re well strapped, you may possibly pack an assault rifle or SMG, and a couple backups as well. And always carry extra ammo, since there’s no guarantee that the body you loot may be carrying something in your caliber. $100-3000
Light Submachinegun (Choose Type)_There are a lot  of weapons in 203X. Besides the specialized ones used by the various Altcults, there are golden oldies like handguns and knives. If you’re well strapped, you may possibly pack an assault rifle or SMG, and a couple backups as well. And always carry extra ammo, since there’s no guarantee that the body you loot may be carrying something in your caliber. $100-3000
Monoblade (Choose Type)_There are a lot  of weapons in 203X. Besides the specialized ones used by the various Altcults, there are golden oldies like handguns and knives. If you’re well strapped, you may possibly pack an assault rifle or SMG, and a couple backups as well. And always carry extra ammo, since there’s no guarantee that the body you loot may be carrying something in your caliber. $100-3000
Ammo (50 Rounds)_ammo
Techscanner_A small  handheld  microcomputer with  various I/O connecters and probes.  Techscanners run diagnostic programs, identify and examine mal- functioning components, locate band- width strength and display internal schematics on a small screen. $600