Acute Senses_One of your five senses (sight, sound, smell, touch, taste) is extremely acute. If the sense is touch, you can read print with your fingertips, feel tumblers moving in a lock, and determine subtle differences in materials by feel. If the sense is smell, you can instantly detect people or substances by scent alone and can track them like a bloodhound. If the sense is sight, you automatically gain a +1 bonus in all sight related Awareness checks, and treat all ranged attack modifiers as being 2 points less than normal. If the sense is taste, you can perceive subtle additions to food and detect harmful substances with the barest taste.
Ambidexterity_You can use tools and weapons with either hand at no penalty (normally -3 for using off-hand).
Animal Empathy_Animals like you; they will never harm or attack you unless severely provoked. You always seem to attract whatever animals are common to the area, and they will immediately gravitate to your side, although they may not necessarily do what you ask them to.
Beatiful / Handsome_You are extremely good looking; people will automatically stop and stare at you when you pass, and you are generally surrounded by admirers. In addition, you automatically have a +1 bonus to your Persuasion, Performance, and Wardrobe/Style skills for each level taken.
Blind Reaction_You can counterattack (in hand-to-hand only) with no negative modifiers for darkness or being obscured (-4), even if you can't see or hear your opponent.
Charismatic Leadership_This Talent allows the user to sway crowds equal to his level times 200. This ability (added to your Pre stat) allows the character to control, incite and charm large number of people through his or her performance skills. When under the character's control, this group can easily be persuaded to act on his suggestions; for example, with a high Charismatic Leadership, a character could convince a concert crowd to riot in the streets or attack a heavily fortified police line. Charismatic Leadership will only work with groups of ten or more people as it is primarily a mob leadership ability. The higher your Charismatic Leadership, the larger a crowd you can control and the more direct and complex the instructions you can get them to follow. For example, a Level +3 Leadership could incite a nightclub crowd to get rowdy. A Level +5 or +6 could provoke a concert crowd of thousands to trash a neighborhood, if the area wasn’t too far from the hall. At Level +9, and higher, you have the same sort of mesmeric ability as an Adolph Hitler—you can raise armies, start movements, and destroy nations.
Combat Sense_Combat Sense allows the user to perceive danger, notice traps, and have an almost unearthly ability to avoid harm. Your Combat Sense gives you a bonus on both your Awareness skill and your Initiative equal to your level in the Combat Sense skill. Your reflexes are keyed for danger; you automatically react faster to danger than anyone else; for every level taken (up to 5) you may add +1 to your Initiative rolls (in combat only). This ability is based on constant training and professionalism.
Common Sense_You always look before you leap; the Ref must give you warning whenever you’re about to do something particularly foolish, even if there are no perceptible clues present. He doesn’t have to specify the danger, just that "this might not be a smart idea..."
Direction Sense_You are never lost, always know where North is and can orient yourself easily without any external cues.
Double Jointed_You can bend your limbs and joints in impossible ways. You can fit into any space equal to half your height and width and it is impossible to tie you up or entangle you with a single rope; you can only be restrained using restraints like cuffs, shackles, or nets.
Eidetic Memory_You never forget anything you have read, seen, heard, smelled, or touched.
High Pain Threshold_You are especially resistant to pain and shock. When wounded, you will reduce the amount of STUN taken by 2 points each time and the effects of impairing wounds (when used) by -2.
Immunity_You are immune to the effects of one specific poison or disease group (must specify).
Intuition_You have an uncanny feel for hunches; the Ref will give you a chance to make a Awareness roll whenever he thinks you might get a hunch, even if there are no perceptible clues present.
Lightning Calculator_You can automatically do complex mathematical operations in your head without using any aids.
Light sleeper_You wake instantly from even the lightest touch or smallest sound (no Awareness check required).
Longevity_You are extremely long lived, but do not show any appreciable signs of aging. No matter how old you are, you always look and feel as a person half your age.
Night Vision_You can see in all but absolute darkness.
Perfect Pitch_You always know if something’s in tune, and automatically gain a +3 bonus in any musically related task (singing, playing instruments, etc).
Rapid Healing_You heal extremely fast, recovering an extra 3 Hits per day in addition to your normal healing rate.
Schtick_A schtick is a special habit or personal affectation that has little or no actual effect on skills or combat abilities. Examples might be: always having a wind wafting your hair or cape dramatically, always having dramatic lighting striking your face, being able to toss your hat on a hook when you walk in; always having a cigar hidden somewhere on your person, etc. Schticks must be okayed by the Ref and should never have an important combat or skill application—always shooting the gun out of the bad guy’s hand would be a very dangerous schtick to allow.
Simulate Death_You can lower your heart rate and breathing to such a low level that it is a Very Hard Difficulty to tell whether you are dead or not.
Speed Reeder_You can read one page of any normal text that you are familiar with in three seconds (you can read a 200 page book in 10 minutes).
Time Sense_You always know what time it is, always know how much time has elapsed between the present and the last time you checked.
